The sunshine coming through the glass windows
Reflects off the blackboard, making it hard to see
Nothing that really matters is written there anyway
I keep on gazing at you
Those numbers that are lined up
What meaning do they hold?
Like pi that never ends
I really wanted to keep on going
Its infinite decimal digits
As many as the loving words I want to say
No matter how far, no matter how long, even to hundreds of millions of digits
I can't find the solution to my feelings
To have you sitting diagonally across from me
Is that good luck or bad luck?
Because I can't focus on the lesson
But I feel happy
Love is infinite
This feeling of love will just go on
22/7, numerator over denominator
My feelings keep surfacing again and again
My unresolved affection
Leaves a lingering uneasiness
It won't stop, this emotion
And for me right now
It's the most important thing of all
How far should I go to find the answer?
No one really knows
My heart is in circles
Endlessly thinking of you
Like pi that never ends
I really wanted to keep on going
Its infinite decimal digits
As many as the loving words I want to say
No matter how far, no matter how long, even to hundreds of millions of digits
I can't find the solution to my feelings
"π" isn't enough to express it